(instructor) Hello
again, everyone.
So this week we are
going to be talking
about Sentiment Analysis with
Recurrent Neural Network.
So hopefully this will give
you some more insight, and some
more understanding about how
recurrent neural networks work.
So you've seen a
lot of this before.
We're going to be using the same
data that Andrew Trask used.
But in his case, he wasn't using
a recurrent neural network,
he was just a normal
feed forward network.
Sarraj also
implemented a network
very similar to this
in one of his videos.
This is what the
network looks like.
So the idea is that we're going
to pass in a bunch of words
from some movie
review, and then we
have labels for these reviews.
They're either
positive or negative.
So what we want to
do with this network
is that we want to take
other movie reviews that we
haven't seen and predict if
they're positive or negative.
So the way we're going
to do this is we're
going to pass in a bunch of
movie reviews with labels
and train the network.
So the idea is here
is our network,
and we have kind
of a typical setup.
So we have our words
and then these are going
to go into an embedding layer.
So we learned about
embeddings before when
you were implementing Word2Vec.
So the problem we have is
that when you have words,
you end up with tens of
thousands of different classes.
And so if you try to
one hot encode that,
it's going to be
really inefficient.
So instead, we're going to
encode our words as integers,
and then pass those
to an embedding layer
so that we can get out
these embedded vectors,
these representations
for our words.
Then those are
passed to LSTM cells.
So these are our long and
short term memory cells.
And they act basically
exactly like a hidden layer.
And the idea here is that
since it's recurrent,
then we pass the state
of the hidden layers
to the next step in
our recurrent network.
And that goes to the next
step, and eventually goes out.
And for an output
layer we're going
to use just one unit with
a Sigmoid activation.
So again we're just
trying to classify things
are positive or negative.
And so in that case we just need
to have a zero or a one output.
And what the Sigmoid
does is it squishes
things between
zero and one so you
get this probability
of being positive,
or probability of
being negative.
Right?
So we're just going use
the Sigmoid as our output.
And the deal here
is that, and you
can see I don't have
anything labeled above these,
so we're really only interested
in the very last output.
So we're just going to pass in
a sequence of words, and then
the last output we're going to
use as our labels or target.
So in this case best movie ever
is probably a positive review.
So we're going to
have it as positive.
And this is the general
idea of our network.
We're just going
to pass this in.
It's going to go through
our embedding layer
to the LSTM hidden layers,
and then to our Sigmoid output
layer, and then we're
going to calculate the cost
from the very last output.
OK.
Let's get started
building this thing.
So here I'm just importing
libraries I need, NumPy
and TensorFlow, and then loading
the data, reviews, and labels.
And here you can see an
example of some of the reviews.
One thing I didn't
notice from this
is that you see
these backslash n.
So these are new
line characters.
And what they're
doing, they're actually
delimiting the different
reviews in this data set.
So this backlash n
is the second review.
And then we see another
backslash n here,
and this is the third review.
So we know how to--
so from this we
can tell how to
separate our reviews,
like just this giant block of
text in two separate reviews
if we split this giant string
with the newline character.
So you might have
seen before, when
we look at all of
our text, there's
a whole bunch of periods
and other punctuations.
So first we want
to get rid of that.
And it's pretty easy to do.
So we're just going to
get, this is basically
a string of all
punctuations, and then
we can go through our reviews.
And then if some character in
reviews is not a punctuation,
then we keep it in.
Otherwise, we get rid of it.
And then we can split
our text into reviews.
Just split it on the
newline character,
and then we're just going
to join back their reviews
into its full text thing.
So the reason I'm doing
this is because if we
try to split these things into
words, then this is a word.
Right, so this new line
homelessness is a word.
And then this new line
story is another word.
So when we're trying
to find our vocab,
these are going to
end up as words,
but we don't really
want our words
to have new lines in them.
So basically what I did is I
just split it into two reviews,
and then I just put it all back
together without new lines.
So now we have, just.
This all text now is just
one long string of words.
Then we can get our words
by, again, just splitting.
So now these are
all of our words,
so you can see here
this is all text.
So again, all of our
text is one long string
that has no periods
and no new lines.
So we can get all of our
words just from this.
And you can see the words here.
So Brummel High is a
cartoon comedy, et cetera.